poor documents the first two are common
stock purchase agreements allowing you
to buy stock in the newly reincorporated
Facebook as opposed to the old shares
which are now worthless the third is an
exchange agreement allowing you to
exchange the old shares for new shares
and then finally a voter holding
agreement how many shares of stock will
I own 1 million three hundred and twenty
eight thousand three hundred and
thirty-four that represents a thirty
four point four percent ownership share
why the increase from the original 30
percent cuz you mean it's diluted to
award shares to new investors
I love working with business majors
intelligent economics I you should know
that mark has already taken his
percentages from 60 down to 50 100 Lamar
doesn't care about money and he needs to
be protected Dustin Moskovitz owns six
point eight one percent Sean Parker six
point four seven percent would done and
Peter Thiel 7 percent would you like to
use my opinion
Eduardo can you please repeat the
question no it was not rageous leading
question the first time around and now
you want us to here at Weiss would you
read it back please
go ahead counsel and when you sign these
documents were you aware that you were
signing your own death certificate no it
was insanely stupid of me not to have my
own lawyers look overall
in all honesty I thought they were my
lawyers
your only friend get one friend
my father won't even look at ok Eduardo
did mr. Zuckerberg say anything to you
after you sign the papers there was a
lot of handshaking a lot of
congratulations he'd already told me
that he wouldn't be coming back to
school for at least a semester so we
were saying goodbye for a while
and then before I left he said but you
got to come back somewhere around the
end of November early December Peter
wants to throw us an amazing party when
we hit a million members it's gonna be
out of control you gotta come back for
it million members yeah the algorithm on
the window a Crooklyn
I'll be here
[Music]
you